= Kyanite
http://bklippstein.github.com/kyanite/frames.html

Welcome to Kyanite. It's a general toolbox like Facets or ActiveSupport.

== Features
[{String}] Support for special letters like german umlauts. Reduce UTF8 strings to ASCII or less. Compare Strings. Parse nested brackets. Database Helpers. 
[{Class}] Tools for reflection. Convert {Class} <=> {String} <=> {Symbol}.
[{Numeric} {Integer} {Float}] General tools.
[{Range}] Invert selection of an Array or String.
[{Array}] General tools. Mean values. Sum, product, parallel.
[{Set}] General tools. New class {OrderedSet} as alternative to {SortedSet}.
[{Hash} {Dictionary} {Tree::TreeNode Tree}] General tools.
[{Optimizer}] Find objects with min or max score.
[{Undoable}] Save and restore objects.
[{Object} {CallerUtils}] Repeats a block until the time is up. Silence Ruby warnings. Deep copy. Examine the call stack.


== Usage
  require 'kyanite'              # require all
  require 'kyanite/basics'       # require basic Kyanite behavior and features  
  require 'kyanite/string'       # require all String related stuff
  require 'kyanite/string/diff'  # require all String#diff related stuff
  
If you use {http://bklippstein.github.com/transparent_nil/frames.html transparent_nil}, require it first:
  require 'transparent_nil'              
  require 'kyanite'            
  

== More Info
* *Documentation*: {http://bklippstein.github.com/kyanite/frames.html github.com/kyanite}
* *Source* *code*: {https://github.com/bklippstein/kyanite github.com/bklippstein}
* *License*: {http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/de/deed.en cc-by-sa Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Germany}
* *Autor*: {mailto:klippstein@klippstein.com Björn Klippstein}


== Disclaimer
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
